Adding QuickNode faucet to docs (#1326)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/develop/tools/quicknode-faucet.md

---
id: quicknode-faucet
title: QuickNode Multi-chain Faucet
sidebar_label: QuickNode Faucet
description: Request MATIC Mumbai testnet tokens on QuickNode Multi-chain Faucet
keywords:
  - docs
  - matic
  - test
  - faucet
  - polygon
  - wiki
  - tokens
image: https://wiki.polygon.technology/img/polygon-wiki.png
---

:::tip

> If you Tweet with the [drip](https://faucet.quicknode.com/drip) faucet URL along with your address and submit the tweet URL, you get 10X more MATIC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you **tweet** the [<ins>drip faucet URL</ins>](https://faucet.quicknode.com/drip) along with your wallet address and submit the tweet URL, you get 10X more MATIC testnet tokens.
```

:::

> To receive MATIC Mumbai tokens, head to [QuickNode Multi-chain Faucet](https://faucet.quicknode.com/drip). Connect your wallet (MetaMask or Phantom) by clicking on **Connect Wallet**. Then select Polygon and Mumbai testnet from the dropdown menus, then click on **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive MATIC Mumbai tokens, head to [QuickNode Multi-chain Faucet](https://faucet.quicknode.com/drip). Connect your wallet (MetaMask or Phantom) by clicking on **Connect Wallet**. Select Polygon and Mumbai Testnet from the dropdown menus, and then click on **Continue**.
```

![img](/img/tools/quicknode-faucet1.png)
![img](/img/tools/quicknode-faucet2.png)

> To receive 0.1 testnet MATIC click on **No thanks, just send me 0.1 MATIC** or to receive 1 MATIC do a tweet with the [drip](https://faucet.quicknode.com/drip) faucet URL along with your address, copy-paste your tweet URL in the input field and click on **Claim my 1 MATIC**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive 0.1 Testnet MATIC, click on **No thanks, just send me 0.1 MATIC**. To receive 1 MATIC, post a tweet with the [drip faucet URL](https://faucet.quicknode.com/drip) along with your wallet address, and copy-paste your tweet URL in the input field and click on **Claim my 1 MATIC**.
```
